# What is in Nashville


I came Nashville due to the business trip. There are bunches of things for the company in the future that we don't know. To understand the time frame and schedule is what I would like to do in the trip. Nevertheless the purpose of the trip should be accomplished, it still has more enjoyments in Nashville I can have.

I was living in Homewood Suites by Hilton Nashville Airport. It was provided by the company. The suite is quite big and including kitchen, refrigerator and appliances. Low cost of living expense can be achived in this condition, especially the company reimburse $40/day.

It really has nothing special in Nashville. Generally, what you can search is hot chicken, VF outlet, Grand Ole Opry, night club, and two National parks.
There are also some weekend events. Check `Nashville Weekend Events`. Some of them are quite expensive.


### Grand Ole Opry
A local theater for live show. Most of them are singers, probably country music live show. You can see talk show at here as well. The entry fee close to $80 ~ $100.


### National Park
- Great Smoky Mountains National Park 
- Cumberland Gap National Historical Park

Both of them takes 3-4 hr from downtown. Basically, they are just mountain view. But in Cumberland Gap National Historical Park, it has `Gap Cave` (search picture for it), really astonishing view. There are also some pictur showing reppeling from cave hole. Check it out. It might requires tour guide to do that.


### Food
- Party Fowl, 2620 Lebanon Pike. Nice hot chicken restaurant.
- House of Gyro's, 561 Stewarts Ferry Pike. A popular kebab restaurant.
- Nectar: Urban Cantina, 206 McGavock Pike. High quility restauran for Mexican food.
